.github/README.md, before:

# Example project

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/GoldenStack/example-java?style=for-the-badge&color=dd2233)](../LICENSE)
[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)
[![javadocs](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-javadocs-4d7a97?style=for-the-badge)](https://javadoc.jitpack.io/com/github/GoldenStack/example-java/master-SNAPSHOT/javadoc/)

Description goes here

## Table of Contents
- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)


## Install

To install, simply add the library via [JitPack](https://jitpack.io/#GoldenStack/example-java/-SNAPSHOT):

Details for how to add this library with other build tools (such as Maven) can be found on the page linked above.
``` gradle
repositories {
    ...
    maven { url 'https://jitpack.io' }
}

dependencies {
    ...
    implementation 'com.github.GoldenStack:example-java:-SNAPSHOT'
}
```

## Usage

This is meant for personal use, so it's not intended for anyone else to work with it.

However, to set it up, all you really need to do is copy the files, change this README to be accurate, and add it to
[cla-assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/).

## Contributing

Feel free to open a PR or an issue.

Before starting large PRs, make sure to check that it's actually needed; try asking a maintainer.

Before a PR is merged, all contributors must sign the [DCO](https://developercertificate.org/).
We use [cla-assistant](https://github.com/cla-assistant/cla-assistant) to verify this.

## License

[MIT © GoldenStack](../LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add an actual description
Signed-off-by: GoldenStack <goldenfire64yt@gmail.com>

.github/README.md, after:

# Example project

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/GoldenStack/example-java?style=for-the-badge&color=dd2233)](../LICENSE)
[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)
[![javadocs](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-javadocs-4d7a97?style=for-the-badge)](https://javadoc.jitpack.io/com/github/GoldenStack/example-java/master-SNAPSHOT/javadoc/)

This is a personal example project meant to make it easier to create other projects.

WARNING: This is only set up for single-module projects.

## Table of Contents
- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)


## Install

To install, simply add the library via [JitPack](https://jitpack.io/#GoldenStack/example-java/-SNAPSHOT):

Details for how to add this library with other build tools (such as Maven) can be found on the page linked above.
``` gradle
repositories {
    ...
    maven { url 'https://jitpack.io' }
}

dependencies {
    ...
    implementation 'com.github.GoldenStack:example-java:-SNAPSHOT'
}
```

## Usage

This is meant for personal use, so it's not intended for anyone else to work with it.

However, to set it up, all you really need to do is copy the files, change this README to be accurate, and add it to
[cla-assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/).

## Contributing

Feel free to open a PR or an issue.

Before starting large PRs, make sure to check that it's actually needed; try asking a maintainer.

Before a PR is merged, all contributors must sign the [DCO](https://developercertificate.org/).
We use [cla-assistant](https://github.com/cla-assistant/cla-assistant) to verify this.

## License

[MIT © GoldenStack](../LICENSE)
